Return null if cosmos db input can't find item (#2942)
Azure/azure-functions-dotnet-worker: release_notes.md

### Microsoft.Azure.Functions.Worker (metapackage) <version>

- `AZURE_FUNCTIONS_` environment variables are now loaded correctly when using `FunctionsApplicationBuilder`. (#2878)

> - Return null when cosmos db input can't find a document (#2545)

Reviewer: Release notes for the cosmos extension go here: https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-dotnet-worker/blob/main/extensions/Worker.Extensions.CosmosDB/release_notes.md

```suggestion
- Return a successful result with a null value when  a Cosmos document cannot be found (#2943)
```
